This is a head gum original.
So it's really funny to me.
It's impressive.
What do you do?
And I appreciate it.
I appreciate it.
When you're driving your car,
do you ever...
Oh, my God.
But Jeffery does.
Jeffery does.
Do you ever just listen to static?
For like a radio static?
Yes.
It's not everybody can be radio free on you.
You're obsessed with the radio, man.
I mean, she's like driving either in thither,
park or A to B as complicated as possible.
They're at the streets of...
Mind you.
And it's just static this.
Static that.
Is it AM or FM?
Are you going to say both?
You're trying to dox me from my last apartment.
So you're...
I can't remember anything.
I also do when I am doing this.
I think I do something really, really weird,
which is I often put in my...
AirPods, which have the noise canceling feature.
And I listen to nothing.
I just walk around with those in.
I do that.
And they drain the battery.
Well, it's often helpful.
So no one talks to you out in the city like New York.
Yeah.
You hear it, right, man?
It does feel like a...
It just feels like some sort of defense mechanism.
But I'm often...
It's often the situation where like...
If I'm listening to something and I go in a store,
I turn it off because I'm too...
Do you guys love them?
There's a fucking episode to say.
You guys are still saying the same conversation from before.
Jeff, I don't mean to start off on this note,
but there is buzzing on one of the tracks.
Yeah.
You hate to hear it.
It's also so jarring, not sing, Jeff.
I fixed it.
Jard.
Oh, that was you.
Jard joy?
Jard joy is when you take something that you love
and you put it in a sack.
Okay, for later an assignment.
I wish it was that.
Just for earlier.
Yeah.
There's putting things somewhere for safe keeping,
and then there's this, which is entirely different.
And then you never revisit it again.
A.M. or F.M.
On you.
A.M. radio when you're driving in your car.
Great question.
Jeff.
There's a time and play on your car.
I'm static on the radio.
Radio free.
And on.
Have you been on before?
I have been on with or.
Okay.
I couldn't tell if I was like suppose to tell you that that might happen or not.
Rochelle had the classic line of, I don't know what this show is.
That just brought the house down at minute 38 of her episode.
That's true.
Yeah.
That has changed since.
Um, I am loving the energy though today.
I'm here came in.
Well, you, you kind of had some good energy before we started recording.
Hmm.
And then you, how's the smart popcorn?
Yeah.
I don't know if you're crashing or what?
Because now you're like,
crumbs in the beard, starting to look pissed.
I had to like, fake sort of,
my guy bird together,
a lunch out of a series of snacks and potatoes.
And like, I'm into this weird, like,
when you just snack your way through all of breakfast and lunch.
Right.
So you're not really hungry, but you're not full in a happy way either.
Boy, boy lunch, they call it.
Yes, it's a boy lunch.
Boy lunch is just seemingly grains.
Because you had oatmeal and popcorn.
Yeah.
And that's also had a banana and a coffee.
Actually, boy lunch is like you can.
Yeah.
Oh, sorry.
I was all the time.
Your new DJ name is boy lunch.
Yeah.
Find that.
I don't mind that at all.
What kind of tracks are you spinning?
Usually just songs that I listen to in college.
Mashed up.
Like two songs switching in between the two or like every single song you liked in college.
Every single song I liked in college.
Yeah.
And when people say, what's your own model?
You often say Berkeley.
And then they're like, oh, my God, school of music.
And you don't correct them.
Yeah.
Because I want them to think that I have a specific trader skill.
Where is Berkeley?
The one I went to is just open season for anyone who lived in California in the 90s.
Yeah.
It was also open concept, meaning the library didn't have a lot of walls.
Really.
And we haven't talked enough about this.
I thought we brought up Berkeley's library recently, but maybe not.
Libraries have to be open concept.
Right.
I just want to.
Yeah.
It's just one big one.
You.
Every library architect has the choice to drywall over the due edesimal system.
They just don't.
I mean, my school had a library that was a glass egg.
So let's hear more about that.
Because I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Was it really a glass egg?
Yeah.
Man, Swato library.
Well, let's feature it in the movie.
Divergent.
How do you spell that?
Very good.
We're going to get a numbers.
Let's move it.
The library is man.
M-A-N-S-U-E.
Man's spreado college.
Truly crazy for both of you to think that I thought
Marie go into divergent college.
Well, you just said.
I thought Marie could actually.
I just thought you were.
I just thought you were spoiling.
I'm going to break.
Let's start in this moment.
Because it feels bad to all of us.
Why?
Just say just type in a rag, R-E-G, just type in a rag, rag, rag.
Just type in a rag.
A ratchet, rag.
A rag, a library from the movie, divergent, a university.
I have a question.
A rag, a rag, a rag, a rag, a rag.
Man, sweet a library.
Here we go.
All right.
Oh, wow.
Look at that.
A library.
Why am I going to?
Why don't you say that?
I don't mind that from a rag, a library.
Yeah.
That's what she calls it up here.
That's really good.
Babibli attack don't.
Slowly.
Rachelle, let's dive into your past.
Let's talk about who we loved the most.
We're moving on from our library at that fast.
What?
Where is there to see what the library do?
I just got a robot arm that gets books from underground.
It's pretty good.
What the fuck is this?
Any of this.
Marika went to college in the future.
And now she's back to tell us about it.
We're talking about a robot arm.
Big big library.
Egg big dome energy.
Yeah, this really does say library dome.
Reg egg igloo.
That's the same.
Quickly as students have dreamed up pet names for Men's Swaydo.
They've adopted the futuristic library as their own.
Versus doing what?
I mean, they need to create a high thing.
Yeah, I mean, this has got to be like 50 grand a year for you.
I think the robot.
More than 50.
It was more expensive than USC.
It was like 60.
Maybe USC was 60.
But I had a 50% scholarship.
It doesn't matter.
Really?
Not married.
It was threatened based.
You blackmailed them for the other side.
Yeah.
My school actually recently was like part of a lawsuit.
We're apparently they have to pay.
People's like student loans.
Like someone want to lawsuit.
And now you Chicago owes students like hundreds of thousands of dollars.
That's not a lot.
For the whole university to owe.
Yeah, that's like that's that's too.
Yeah, but it's like I should be getting money from them.
And I have a gotten my email about it yet.
You're going to.
And nevermind.
Well, that's here.
Anyway, but anyway, back to you.
But I'm saying, the library don't work is where you would.
The next for that.
I've, well, first of all, no, because I know an ever called it the library dome.
And I hate that.
They called it what real egg or whatever.
Just egg.
It was called it the mega egg or man's way though.
It really is reminiscent of that like mayo shit.
It's like just egg.
What's the egg?
Yeah.
That's right.
You're going to start there.
What?
I was just going to see.
Yeah.
Because you have the Reagan library.
And then you have the just red library.
Well, it was the Reagan Stein library, but yeah.
Okay.
So.
It was made later.
Yeah.
This is very confusing.
The red egg library.
Right.
It stands for Reagan Stein.
Because it's the Reagan Stein library.
But it's also called men's way though.
Right.
The library.
We have to understand that.
The Reagan Stein library.
You have to walk down the glass hallway.
And then enter the glass dome with the robot arm.
So the man, the Reagan Stein was like.
The really should be robot arm egg.
There should also be Reagan Stein's in addition before that was a egg.
There was Reagan Stein and they were like inspired by his last name.
And they built it into shape.
I didn't even inspired.
It was something I was inspired.
Yeah.
And he also was like no Reagan Stein.
That the library looks like an egg.
I mean, don't get me started on the Riven David Logan Center.
I'll tell you what.
And we won't get you started on that.
My last question is crass, but I have to ask.
Uh, did anybody, did you or anybody you know ever get dome in the library dome?
Wow.
Um, don't get up to me.
I assume somebody did.
I got laughing.
Drag me by quoting me.
Rachelle is.
Oh, my god.
Oh, let's build a pint of cold brew.
Are you younger than Jeff in a cool fashion?
Or are you sort of the same age?
I'm hoping somebody is a younger.
I think I'm older than you.
And yeah, you still made fun of it.
You're 28.
I'm 30.
Okay.
I'm 25.
So what she made fun of you saying dome.
Well, I don't know that song.
We're like, uh, we've got trucks.
We've got jeeps.
Plus dome.
No.
It's the first song I've ever heard.
This is the actual song.
That is the song.
We're not jeeps.
We don't.
That is song.
Yes.
Was that you singing?
Yeah.
It's Camron.
Okay.
She's like that.
What?
Eyes.
And that was all for this.
And I think it all was song.
Your decision is going to be tight.
Listen to that.
We got trucks.
We got jeeps.
Pregnant pause.
Go.
I, it's not even.
Oh, and he also has a song called losing weight.
Really?
It sort of took the trickle.
Trilogy about fucking exercising.
Okay.
That's not bad.
That's all good so far.
And then here it is.
Wait.
It's not bad.
Where's the dome?
There's no dome.
You made up the dome.
No, the dome is over here.
Please talk about trucks and jeeps again.
Yes.
No, the dome is over here.
So the pregnant pauses.
I'll lip-sees.
This is it.
That's right.
To call up.
You'll have.
Yeah.
I hate what else.
Plus don't say.
You got it.
I'm really the part of the song.
Yeah.
That's like the gist of it.
It's like, we were in the range range rover talking about an SUV.
And then it's like, we hooked up.
Plus dome.
I get that that part of the song.
But when you said it was, we got trucks.
We got jeeps.
Dog.
All of your stuff.
She was friend.
He's struggling to her friend.
Yeah.
This is what's up.
What's up.
And he's like.
Plus dome.
And this one's like.
He's like.
And he's like.
He's killing him.
Right.
Got trucks.
Like we got trucks.
Well, shut down.
Plus dome.
Plus rice.
Yeah.
I were going to burn rice tonight.
Uh.
Um.
You guys were on the episode.
It comes out.
I think this Friday.
But um, we did uh.
Rice parody, which we haven't done for a while.
And it was walking on the wildside.
Uh huh.
But it was.
Use a walk to insherborn char.
No.
So.
I love rice. I just think it is best served. It's a dish best served charred. Does that make sense?
So basically it's like not crispy.
Not fried rice.
No, still crispy is not good.
Or it's burnt black.
Caught rice.
It's also crispy.
It's so sweet.
Yeah.
We remember.
When you said a little crispy, it's sort of like giving him too much credit.
Yeah.
A little crispy is good.
It's not what we're talking about.
We're talking about fusion rice dish.
That's like.
Oh, yeah.
Do you kind of burn it on the bottom?
Yeah.
It's like saffron rice.
Tajine.
Tajine is a spice.
No.
You look right at me.
Is it Tajine's a spice?
It's a spice.
Plus dome.
The dome I could play fond
burnt rice.
It's good.
Inside a rag.
No.
It sounds like that.
But Tajine is the spice.
Let's get a numbers crunch on this fuck.
I love it.
It is the spice.
But it's also.
Tajine.
Tajine is the thing that you cook at home.
Right.
There's no spice.
Tajine is the thing that you cook at home.
Right.
There's no spice.
Yeah.
Tajine.
Yes.
That's it.
Tajine.
Yeah.
So it's like.
But I think it's also called.
Got jeeps.
Got trucks.
Libertone.
Tajine.
Right.
It does crispy.
It's also spelled.
T-A-C-H-I-N.
So.
T-A-H-T-I-G.
T-Shot.
All right.
This is fucked up.
Got lost translation.
Yeah.
I guess so.
And speaking of.
Did you just a vapor?
No.
He said lost in translation.
So I went.
Oh.
Like at the end where you can't hear what he's saying.
At the end of what?
I mean, you see the Priscilla moving.
I'm getting a little bit.
I almost went this weekend.
This week my mother week is on his boyfriend.
Why?
Because he's handsome he's swath.
And he knows when and how to give others the floor.
Just like James.
What?
What did you need him?
When did I, when did you even meet him?
She didn't even know that I had come happy our last talk to over.
That's what I'm trying to figure out.
Kidding me was in passing 19 months ago.
That's what I was trying to figure out.
No, he was saying why he's in your kind of mental zeitgeist.
Front 12 vortex.
Yeah.
And you know, left and right side brain.
Me thinking about what's his name, Sandy?
No.
That's what.
But thank you.
I'll tell him.
Well, he doesn't know.
Not yet.
He's not until you tell us that.
Because I didn't, we didn't come over that time united just me and him.
No.
Yeah.
There was a day in the studio.
We've talked about it before, but this is just for a show.
I was, I was going to move to Laurel Canyon.
That's a brag.
That's a lease.
And I was like telling on your about it because I was like, I have to move.
And she was like, where are you moving?
I said, Laurel Canyon.
We talked about how we love Laurel Canyon.
I said, you and your boyfriend should come over.
Yeah.
In case he was right next to me.
Unbelievable HR violation of me.
It was so funny.
It was like, okay.
It was easy.
But I love it.
That's the invitation.
And my boyfriend who he, oh, it hasn't met once in passing.
19 months ago.
And then what ended up really stopping came out of sense.
Was that we went to a mirror's wedding in Laurel Canyon.
And it was me and Casey.
Weirdly.
So it ended up not being ideal for anyone involved.
And I didn't even move to Laurel Canyon.
And we weren't invited to the wedding.
Oh.
Yeah.
Or my boyfriend.
Richelle was there.
And your boyfriend.
Everyone was sent the registry, which seemed fucked.
I agree.
If you're not there in spirit, you can be there in cash.
Can I ask you a question in a mirror?
Sure.
I got an email last night.
That said.
Oh, that was a thank you note.
Yeah.
You're gift.
Can I also.
Can I follow up ask you a question?
I also have a question.
It says.
Okay.
This question.
This says.
Thank you.
You gave dollar sign.
Low tier.
Thank you.
That's for God's host.
PS anecdote.
Did you say that to everybody or just me?
I copy and paste it.
And then I was supposed to update it depending on who gave what and stuff like that.
But I might have accidentally sent it to the little bit too early.
There's no way.
I was like everyone else.
Just yeah.
What was yours?
I forgot.
To do the registry.
You forgot to do it late.
It's not too late.
Your money is no good here.
Yeah.
It's just wasn't quite enough.
So right.
Between the two of you.
I got you the blender, right?
The blender that you've slacked about today.
I do have two blenders now because somebody gave us a blender and we already had one.
So if anybody won't blend.
Because you're late.
Did someone give you a blender off registry?
Yes.
That's crazy.
Didn't I think I thought it was me that gave you the blender.
Because I thought it was like 50 bucks.
No.
You got low tier.
I don't know who your friend.
You got a nice blender.
Did you have to stuff on your registry?
Like, did you have items on the registry?
No, it was just that.
Okay.
That's what I thought.
Mine.
Yeah.
Okay.
I just gave cash.
I would love for that.
So what my initial plan was do you want a blender?
What's that?
Do you want a blender?
I have a blender.
So unless it is a vitamin.
It's not.
But it looks like one.
Do you think that person re-gifted?
Like what's up with that?
It was like a family friend.
So it was like an older couple.
So they were just like, I don't give you shit about the registry.
I don't know what I'm doing.
Can I pitch a business idea on this note?
On yes note?
So obviously there's a lot of times that gifts are warranted to somebody to say thank you.
You know?
And we did send you a thank you card.
Right.
And it was hurtful to hear and read.
Basically gift backstits are a thing.
Like cookies, wine, cheese, crackers, whatever.
Crackers.
I wonder just from a sustainability standpoint and price.
If we create thrift baskets.
So it's like a Harry and David, you know, gift arrangement but it's mostly garbage.
A lot of people think gift baskets are already mostly garbage.
So yeah.
Did you have a question or was it about the blender?
There were three questions queued and Marie because of the second.
I'm sorry.
She already asked her.
Yeah Marie.
So it's your turn.
So it was my turn.
I actually was wondering what they gifted you.
I didn't realize you had a honey fund.
And now I'm kind of fixing it on this couple.
It gives blenders to everybody.
I think that's crazy.
Yeah.
I had another idea to get you for the registry before it was just like,
I'll give us cash.
It was going to be kind of it.
It's own gift basket.
Not a thrift basket.
A different idea of like, you know, formula, nursery wallpaper,
diapers, etc.
Stuff to like incentivize having kids.
Not even incentivize more so pressure.
Right.
Like now we have all the stuff.
So like let's have this serious talk because Jeff sort of.
Let's have the serious type.
Right.
Let's get a kid in that back yard.
In that basket.
You should give a kid.
That's good.
Kid basket.
That's really good.
Like a fire station situation.
Yeah.
Pick them up from the fire station on the way.
Play mobile meets Play Do.
Yes.
Marika's pissed.
God.
Um.
I just realized there's a way for Marika to see you.
Awesome.
I just put it on my laptop.
No.
Switch the input video on the zoom.
You can get this out and switch it to the.
Um.
The webcam.
You should be able to do it.
Oh, but then you will see us.
Forget it.
All right.
The way for her to see me would be for on my laptop to stay on the zoom.
Yeah.
But I just feel bad for her because it's about a giant year.
It's such an important part of this.
True.
Are you going to talk about your Halloween costume?
Because it looks like you still have arrested.
Oh.
I'm going to talk about the episode where you're supposed to record a part of it.
Yeah.
I would love to see you to work on your Halloween costume.
I need to give you a chance.
You know, this one you called me while I was in a session to see if it was in
Convenienting me.
But you were cancel.
It's not last month.
No.
We're not going to talk about it.
I think for Grace cut that out.
I think.
Um.
Basically with it.
I was Mugato from Zulander.
Do you have pictures or anything?
Not on my phone.
You still have the island or something.
I know.
Like mad about that.
I'm not mad.
I'm like, I don't have the fucking receipts yet.
So did you think about it last minute?
Is that why you have to push them?
No.
I ordered it a week in advance.
It just didn't come.
It was supposed to come Wednesday.
Didn't come.
It's supposed to come Thursday.
It didn't come.
It's supposed to come Friday.
I was like, that's my last fucking chance.
Didn't come.
So I had a good drive here.
Other than the spirit Halloween.
It's at our Instagram.
Not what you want to avoid.
It's a courting.
What?
The fucking lettering.
Right?
Okay.
Tap on M.
You.
G.A.T.
And here's what I'll say.
And I'll, you know, what's that?
All individual or individual.
Yeah.
Someone came up to me.
Well, forget it.
I'm not going to tell this story.
I do have a photo of it though.
On your also said, all will be forgiven if I get a photo of that costume.
So I will give it to you.
So I don't know for forgiveness yet.
Not yet.
I don't really remember saying that.
I have the receipts.
How long?
Ultimately, how long did it take you to pull together for us in the past?
Jesus.
Was it worth it?
Let me work it.
Yeah.
It's a commercial.
Because you did.
You did cancel like an hour before the recording.
So, and I, and I know.
Are you a millennial who misses what life was like in the 2000s?
Have you had a hard time finding new or curated music?
Are you interested in multiple perspectives on relationships dating and music?
Then you're going to love Steve the thing is.
A podcast hosted by Grammy award winning arm be artist Bridget Kelly and media personality
and podcast trailblazer, Mandy B.
Twice a week, Bridget and Mandy have nostalgic conversations in their grown segments.
Political pop culture conversations in their honest segments and relationship hot take
Conversations in the slightly toxic segment.
The opinions on the show are real and are brought to you by the genuine connections the ladies have
with the guests that they like to call their friends with benefits.
Each week you'll leave with some new music wrecks or a curated playlist that you didn't
even know you needed in their freshly squeezed music segment.
Most recently, the ladies have sat down with Ari Lennox, Big Freedia, Remi Ma and Van Lathen.
So, you're going to want to check it out.
Also, Neo.
Follow and subscribe to see the thing is on Spotify, Apple Podcasts or on YouTube.
But audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday and visuals are available on YouTube Wednesdays
and Saturdays.
Check it out.
Guys, there was a time when I didn't really feel like I was at my best.
I wasn't sleeping very well.
I wasn't getting that real clarifying sleep that helps you kind of digest your dreams.
I don't know what else to say.
And I woke up feeling sluggish and like I wasn't really supporting myself in the best way possible
getting all the things that I need from what I was consuming every day to have good sleep
and to have that mental clarity.
But if you're a long time listening to the show, you know that I've been drinking
AG1 for almost two years now.
I started drinking AG1 every day when I was living in New York and I could just feel
a real difference in my sleep schedule, my daily health and I noticed that a lot more energy.
I figured that I could focus more.
I was really on it, you know, and a lot of regards.
And that's because AG1 is a foundational nutritional supplement that supports your body's universal
needs, like gut optimization, stress management, and immune support.
Since 2010, AG1 has led the future of the foundational nutrition industry.
Continuously refining their formula to create a smarter, better way to elevate everyone's baseline health.
I was taking a lot of pills and supplements during the lockdown part of COVID, but it ended up being really expensive.
And also, you don't want to be, you know, accounting for that many pills and vitamins every day.
It's just too much work to really sustain.
But with AG1, it's just one scoop in a cup of water every day, which I appreciate because I'm getting my magnesium,
I'm getting all my B vitamins, I'm getting vitamin C, ways to support my immunity for sure.
I've been recommending AG1 to all my family and friends because of the effect that it's had, specifically on my sleep quality.
I have a lot of friends who are stressed all the time and, you know, I've been recommending AG1 to them because I'm like, hey, this really helps me sleep better.
And that's why AG1 is the supplement I trust to provide the support that my body needs every day.
And that's why they've been a partner of the show for so long.
So if you want to take ownership of your health, it starts with AG1.
Try AG1 and get a free one-year supply of vitamin D3K2 and 5 free AG1 travel packs with your first purchase.
Go to drinkag1.com slash what's that?
Again, that's drinkag1.com slash what's that?
Check it out.
According to the last hour, so he could have ultimately day only a few hours.
We'll give you an extra hour for pairing.
I don't know if Mereka's not hearing the sound effects, but she's just specific.
I'm not.
Which I tried to say.
It says, it says, caring if you're audio.
No.
You're not.
You're not sharing it.
I actually do think I know why this is.
Do you want to fix it?
Yeah.
Go to settings.
Okay.
This is the most.
No settings on the computer.
Yep.
On the computer settings.
It's at the bottom.
Go to audio.
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby.
It's not muted.
Is the output muted?
It's not so no explanation.
This is awful.
Moving on slash circling back to, and I'm, I didn't mean to be rude to show.
But let's skip back into the question, which is diving into your past.
Let's see what, you know, it's Halloween tomorrow.
Not when this episode comes out.
But let's check in on those skeletons in the closet.
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
You obviously don't answer that.
Naturally.
Yeah.
I will share this one because I got solved.
But I officiated my friends wedding.
And I lost the ring.
Wow.
That's pretty good.
But then we found it.
Oh, that's good.
Where was it?
Um, so I had a,
I had a few drinks.
And I still got the little orange shot.
I had dropped the ring in my car in between the, the console and the little, you know,
the little black hole.
Yeah.
And then, you know, tried to find it.
It wasn't there.
Did everything.
I could mark even.
My mark, my boyfriend brought the car to Jiffy Loom to remove the car seat.
This is like two hours before the wedding.
Wow.
And they, they couldn't find it.
And me and other brides made went back to see where we parked the car and see if we could
find anything.
And the sold couple walks by.
And they are like, what are you looking for?
And I'm crying on the floor.
I'm very stressed.
And we're like, we're looking for wedding ring.
They're like, oh, oh, wow.
Um, well, don't worry.
We want to only one.
And then this old lady looks down.
And the wedding ring is right by her feet.
Oh, my god.
Destiny.
And that old lady married my brother.
That's the worst thing you've ever done.
That's the worst thing I've ever done.
That was hard for you to talk to.
You talk in a bow.
Um, that's pretty good.
That's, if that's the worst thing you've ever done.
Yeah, I'm a really good person.
It was a good honest mistake.
Yeah.
Um, this isn't like the post post post, not sure episode or whatever.
But how do you feel being married?
Do you feel like a different man or the salt the same?
You just have a, you don't have a ring on by the way.
There it is.
You were concealing it though.
There was some kind of level of embarrassment.
Because I'm still trying to hit on chicks.
So like I'm trying to hide it for them.
In case any like the YouTube commenters,
want to slide into my G chat DM.
People that just walks around like this.
You want people to see.
So this female message you.
G chat.
Yeah.
Even me sure, I think, less used.
Yeah, for sure, for sure.
That's cool.
Because that means he's only targeting women, his age and older.
Yeah.
You look married.
Thank you.
That was not a comment.
You have been different.
Really?
Mm.
That's cool.
In a positive way.
Or moving on.
Yeah.
That's a new thing that we do.
Or dot, dot, dot, dot.
This one.
Um, solid bit.
Let's talk company reports.
Um, I feel like we're not really talked about what's going on at the network recently.
And I feel like the listeners not only deserve to know, but are well overdue to know.
Are you going to ask for something?
Plus don't.
I don't know what most of you all do.
That's so clear.
Ultimately.
Sorry for got Marika was here.
Then she came in with that.
Every time you do this.
Yeah.
That's pointless.
It's pointless.
Because there's no union between us.
What do you mean?
It's kind of a new report.
What you want to see checking in is all on teams.
Microsoft or otherwise.
I'm wondering what Rachelle does and how it's been going for Rachelle.
I don't work here.
Well, time.
So you're a freelance producer.
I'm a freelance producer.
Yeah.
And you work on handbook.
You work on.
Got you.
A little gossip King.
Just gossip King.
Uh, actually.
Definitely.
And then you show.
You sure.
Who's all that's right?
It's the.
No.
Jeff.
I'm begging you.
I'm.
Back on track.
I don't know what's happening.
I'm just trying to ask her, does she let her come put your
report and it's going off the rails.
Get played.
We can talk about it.
Yeah, paid.
We haven't announced.
We've cut this out.
Segment or.
But it's an exciting show and it's coming soon and you guys are going to be excited and we're
shall's working on it.
Not much of a company report for the public if they don't even know what the name of the show
show.
Which is what we say every single time we're like, you don't know what you're talking
about.
Why don't you bring us all the same thing?
I don't know.
I don't really say why I'm so happy public knowledge.
Build some hype over this shit.
It will be hype when you leave everything.
Yeah, true.
It's true.
This episode could be coming out and like, literally, it will be already lodged by the
show launch.
When does the show launch?
When does the company launch?
We've been live for a while.
For years.
For almost a decade.
Yeah.
November 6th.
This will definitely.
It'll be well.
It'll all be over.
This show will be canceled by the time.
It's actually right.
Jeff, what's your job?
I am a freelance producer only on this show.
And I edit the sketches and miscellaneous videos.
Okay.
Here's a question.
And I write them.
I'm in them.
For real.
A real question.
I think I should get adult braces for the bit.
First of all.
I had one tooth.
It's like a little bit out of whack.
I don't like how they look on this camera.
Did you say for the bit or for a bit?
I think it's a small bit.
For the bit.
So like for a year I would have adult braces.
I mean, that's fine because you're 25.
That's still young enough to have adult braces.
I feel like that's well past the color.
No, I think isn't it like cool right now?
To have braces.
Yeah.
I feel like I see a lot of.
I feel like I might get like a grill.
I don't know about that.
Can you get like one brace?
It's crazy.
I have cancer.
All right.
New DNA in Vizoline.
I do have a question for Jeff.
Actually, it's for the listeners.
Do the listeners think that you work your full time.
The listeners know that I barely work here at all I think.
or do you think some of them are like.
Get mad at the company for not giving me healthcare.
And I'm like, I don't, I'm not an employee.
I'm a contract.
And how do they know that we don't give you health?
I know.
Because I've complained about it on the show.
Oh.
So that's.
because it's on my mind,
because I'm 26, some show you weeks.
Well, what are you going to do for healthcare?
The probably the cal thing that everybody does.
Cal, hell, cal.
Covered cal for anyone.
Covered cal for, they keep changing the name I feel like too,
but whatever the thing is.
You're still covered under your parents and parents.
But for only three more weeks.
And then it'll be a problem.
So what is everyone upset about?
Because it's very much not long time.
And what if I fall off a ledge?
He is often on ledges.
People never talk, you know, off either way.
Yeah.
Imagine being at a ledge at the red edge.
I really feel like I might end up
on the edge of the red.
I'm dyslexic visually.
Yeah.
What is that mean?
He thinks eggs have less.
It's like, it's like, it's like, it's like,
I really do wish that people would talk me off the ledge
back into the building.
I feel like people chant for me to get off the ledge
towards the death.
This is like your second Joker reference.
That would be really funny costume for tomorrow.
Is me walking into the office for the Halloween happy hour.
Like, let's say.
Yeah.
What do you know?
We're going to be jumping.
Good.
Thank you.
Gary, he's going to be at Gary Glitter.
That's cool.
That's really cool.
Um, he, because he's the guy that.
What did you guys do in the break between when you had health care
and when you got it from company?
Gary Glitter did about that.
He had a bad thing.
Yeah.
So don't dress up.
I'll just cut this out entirely.
I'll turn it to certain.
Probably, well, we had the break egg.
That's gone.
We shall didn't want to talk about the skeletons in her closet.
It made up some bullshit about losing the rings.
I'm like, well, keep that in.
I guess.
But just so that people can know how fake you are.
I killed the person.
Oh, I got that out.
Damn.
Um.
No, wait.
Yeah.
Everyone here didn't have health care for a minute.
What do you do?
You just do the medical covered thing.
Michelle, you don't have health care.
What does that mean?
Yeah.
I pay for a car won't cover California.
And how is that for you?
Do you have dental?
I do.
I have everything.
It's kind of expensive.
How much is it per month?
I'll bleep it out.
Um, like 275.
He's not going to bleep it out.
What does it matter that to bleep out?
Let me say so much worse things.
And I was asking the price of health insurance.
I will say when you do it, you should get PPO even though it's kind of expensive.
Well, I think they always ask you at the doctor's office.
My parents insurance hasn't always paid for everything out here because it's like regional
to Ohio.
So like my eye doctor does this.
Maybe you should go back.
Yeah.
Close with a red egg.
First of all.
Maybe I'll be Magneto, Ohio, tomorrow.
So I'm being magnetically pulled to failure, left for turning home.
I'll be Magneto, Ohio.
Not tomorrow.
I feel like we're covering up.
No member.
And we're talking about Halloween.
True.
Did you plan anything for this one?
Uh, I did company reports.
And we've gotten through just for shells.
Which I do appreciate it for shell.
Your last name is Chen.
Chen.
Um, I just didn't know her last name because I wanted to call her by her last name.
Like we're all on a team sport, right?
What about Rishel Zero?
It's pretty cool.
Who says no to that?
No for day.
Are you from, don't tell us where you're from.
Are you, are you from California?
Like, did you go to high school in California?
Right.
I didn't go to California high school.
Okay.
So maybe we can guess what state Rishel into high school.
Well, you went to read.
We know that.
Um,
It's either read or Lewis and Clark.
And don't even tell me which because I just want to believe you went to read.
Okay.
So your guess is read that.
Your guess is what?
Or again?
Yeah, Portland.
No.
Not working.
You guys are not going to get it.
Wow.
Let's go.
What's your guess?
That's not a state.
No.
I'll do it.
State of mind.
Um, then.
Say of mind.
Okay.
Let's describe that.
Uh, we are a state of mind.
But from tell a house.
No.
What would, what would tell a house.
A state of mind.
I've got a bunch of football related.
I've got a bunch of.
No, not even.
So it's somebody who works out of water milling farm.
And tell a house.
Okay.
I'm in a tell a house.
See, state of Ryan.
Love it.
And those coming.
Yeah.
Maricus.
What do you say?
I don't know.
I feel like we're getting get there eventually.
There's only 50 options.
We've already eliminated too.
Georgia.
No.
You guys aren't going to get it.
You know?
Yes.
Yeah.
Well, because like, I kind of ask Michelle questions.
Like I was asking me for it.
I'm asking her great questions.
I mean, we'll question equally great expectations.
Uh, Marie.
Mm-hmm.
Getting me.
Yeah.
Did you know?
This is an ambush.
Because Tom is right.
Mariki.
You haven't guessed one yet.
Yeah.
Because I haven't had a chance to get a word.
And this is bullshit.
Yeah.
Like just again overlapping dial.
Can I get?
No.
San Francisco.
You are simply never going to get it.
I was born in San Francisco.
Oh.
Or at the Bay Area.
Nevada.
No.
I already could just.
There's a chance.
It's not a state.
Oh.
Where do you go?
Wait.
That was a red herring.
Florida.
Yes.
I can do it.
Can I do it?
No.
Are you fucking Canada?
Well, it wasn't a lot of America.
No.
It was not America.
It's got to be gone.
Look at me.
I don't understand what you guys can't.
I can't do it.
I feel offensive.
Guess it.
I should have went to the fence.
Why would you think it's a fence?
I think it's a fence.
I'll say china.
Like if I said this.
That we are offensive.
What's that?
Sing a port?
No.
Your clothes.
Do you know?
No.
now. This is wrong. That's what I thought of me
I was asking. He was like, no offense, but where did you go to high school? It was
Portugal, you asked. It was Portland. He was like, don't have to answer, but it was
where you call high school lives. Okay, we give up. Thailand, Thailand. Okay. Wow.
But I went to high school in Thailand. Yeah. But you're all born
American citizens. My parents separated. And we did Thailand with my mom at eight.
Do you have dual citizenship? No. Okay. Do you have dual fuel gas range? Yes, actually.
Really? Do you speak fluent Thai or real perfectly?
Um, I actually don't know what that one. I guess I guess that one. Yeah, right.
Yeah, I just think I don't feel the country school. Got it.
Yeah. Natural gas coming through the burners and there's electric induction.
Can you elect an iron gas? Do you like Thai food? I love the food.
Do you? What's the best Thai food in LA? Wait, I can tell you. I'll try
to get the name of the place. She answered that for me before it's a lie town.
It's in Taito and it's called. Is it Jill? That word. That's it. That word.
It's not a little three. She never names Jill a lot. Wow. Is that the one
that used to be a windshields? Like there's a, no. But you know, I don't know
what your mother is. Is this the one that Amir got the green curry
thrown on his windshields? He wronged. I love her. And yes, she tossed
Is that real? Of course. It's real.
The word is your favorite. He's another personal question for a show. And I don't
want to cross any boundaries, but have you ever dated a famous? A famous person.
Oh, or conversely, who's the most famous person you've ever. It was a good
horse in a van. Whoa. That's cool. How do you spell Belle? What? Who's your
real? Can you believe it? Yeah. I don't know. I don't believe it. It was a
with a band that I really liked. So it was the big deal to me. That's cool. I
from part of them. Is it PA or? PA or? God. This is okay. We have to move on
company. I will. I'll probably go to the band or the food. The food on the
menu. Company report. Right? What has been going on beyond the studio
following a part of the scenes? So here's my question back to you. Yeah.
Is company report what do you do with this company or how the company is doing?
Because you both. It's it's it's it's it's three things. It's what do you do
the company? How is your job going at the company? And then how are you
affecting the company's success negatively or positively? This looks really good.
All right. It's good. For this. So here's what's happening to me positively.
Okay. Personally at the company. Sure. I hope Martin Cohen don't see this.
They definitely will not. So I went to party city a couple weeks ago and I got
two Halloween costumes. Sure. In two different, one Halloween costume two
sizes because I wanted to try the one. I didn't like either of them. And so I
but I forgot to return them. Of course. And after certain day you can only get
store credit. And I was like, what am I going to do with $90 in store credit to
party city? So I messaged Martin Cohen. And I said, do we need any Halloween
decorations from party city? And they said, yes, that's awesome. That's so nice
that you went out of your way to kind of like volunteer to go shopping for
decorations for us. 100%. And so I was like this no problem to be a budget. I
got a budget. It's above $90. I went. I got the decorations. I used my
merchandise credit. And I'm going to get expense back for that fire. So that was
awesome for me. Do you say the thing? What is she talking about? Am I crazy to think that
she's like, don't. Don't eat it. No, no, no. So yeah, so for me this week is
really good company wise and personally my position in the company. Okay. Well,
that was probably yeah of the two. Maybe the better company before. Okay. That's
that's not nice. It's not unkind. No, it is unkind. That's exactly what it is.
Really? I'm sorry, Rachelle. Did you take a fence or did you kind of dissociate?
I honestly don't know what we should do. We should do it in a go.
We should do an episode where you just make a men's. That's really funny. You know,
wait, what's is there like a day of atonement? Yeah, I'm going to pour. Really? Yeah, that
is. Wait, really? Yes. Okay, so we'll have to wait a whole
other year. That's another year to rack up wrongdoings. Yeah, you go do your own
yam keeper. Jeff. Jeff. Jeff. Let's go Jeff. What about yams? Don't
get it for. Don't Jeff is my day of atonement. Plus atonement. Don't
men. I'm your company report. You're technically still an owner. Did you sell your
stakes last stock? He's still stake. And if you haven't yet, why not? Then
everything's going well. Yeah, except for a few things, obviously. There are a few
cancers within the company that are wondering who they want to know. Yeah, that's mostly
Jeff. Yeah, but it's also Angie because she was born on July 9. What's wrong with that?
She's a cancer cancer cancer cancer cancer. I didn't get that. I'm usually pretty quick to
the joke, so I think I'm slipping in my old age. She's a strategy is more of a young man's
game. Yeah, but just the fact that I didn't get the joke and everybody else did. It's like
earlier when you thought I thought, you thought I thought, Marie can want to divert
it in a university. No, I didn't think that. Yeah, I'm very good at it.
Uh, my, I don't know. I've doing a lot of stuff. I'm doing work right now. She's like too busy
to make a joke. Do you think I'm getting in trouble for the party?
Is that a scam? Do I scam? No, I think you're fine. I mean, obviously some that
clipped a coin, but I think your white whale, your Moby Dick Jeff, is getting
Cohen on this show because he refused us to do it. Yeah, but for him, it's like a non-starter.
Exactly. He's like, I will never do it. And it's plain and it's not like a bit. Like Angie didn't
want to do it, but we got her. Yeah, like some people are playful about not wanting to do it. He's
like very like that's why you got to try harder. Here's what we'll also say is that shackles
no more. Yeah. That's sort of a company report. Oh, because you changed the last thing. Yeah.
Yeah. I wanted people to think she got fired, but yeah, no, shackles is now masa.
It's like a restaurant banner. Shackles now, masa. Same place.
Yeah. Angie's list is now just Angie. Angie Garcia is. I keep feeling like your
doxing people by saying their last names, but yeah, I don't know why. It just feels wrong.
Website, I think. Oh, yeah, I should probably update a lot of people. This just in
shackles, masa. I really want to have masa, not shackle on again to wax all things,
masa corn. That's after you get through the rice and you go to corn. Corn meal.
What about unicorn is your costume? I just am worried. I'll be propositioned to many times tomorrow night.
Beal have like a hat. The company happy hour that starts at 4 p.m. Yeah. That was no
mostly children. That's mostly coupled people. Are you wearing a costume?
A couple of old people. Exactly right. And I'm going to be the unicorn. You know, corn on the cob is
the complete. That's not bad at all. I did think about just being corn. Oh, like the corn kid.
The kind where you just like put a giant felt costume over your body. The kind where I roll and
raw egg and then corn. What? You know, how when you're trying to like fry a chicken? Yeah, like a
schnitzel put it egg and then like rub it and corn meal and then deep fry it. I don't mind that as a
costume. He's saying corn, but he said corn first. What if it's not even a costume for tomorrow?
I guess that's what's more interesting to me. Did you have anything planned for this episode?
Because so far we've been company reports. That's not a plan so much company. Okay. Well, I tried.
I tried to talk more about the company. I tried to make it not so much random shit. I tried to say
let's talk about headgum and where we're headed. Are we headed towards the red or towards the
carers? Say what you mean. Where did that come from? You've been supportive all
hour. Where's how? Coming from America. I am. Feel like you're not going to show up. Yeah, it does
get that vibe. Yeah, I did. He'll text us at six. Like, hey, sorry. I'm running late because I
had to do X Y. Yeah, like my accountant died and I had to. Yeah. Little do we know Rochelle assassinated him?
Or her? Do you think if Rochelle killed my ass, she would be revered as a euro. Statue in the
parking lot, et cetera. I would hope so. Yeah. I think we should we should put a statue of the parking lot.
Oh, someone regardless. Wait, I don't mind. I do. Let's take let's vote on which to be.
All hands for Jeff. Raise your hand for Jeff. I kind of think it's got to be D.
Is D still alive? Yeah. Yeah. Last time saw her. See? Parties dog. Oh, Delilah. Yeah. She's like,
she's alive. All right, last question. This is just a whole for the random one. Would you
rather, this is a real genuine road you're out there that was talking with my friends about the other
would you rather have every statue come to life in the world? And the personality slash
energy they bring is the energy and personality of what the statue is. So if there's like a
statue of like Mars, like the Roman god, that's going to be a God of war coming to life. But
these statues can't leave like a half mile radius of themselves. Or would you rather every
word your favorite. Oh, my god, forgive me for trying to put some water. God, forgive me.
Pa, or forgive me. Or would you rather every bug in the world be three times is or sorry,
10 times is big. Obviously, that one's awful. That's a nonsense. Have hands the size of dogs everywhere.
They would invest three times. Well, I question is like numbers wise, right? So like let's not follow
Amir's logic too quickly. Let's all form our own opinions. I didn't turn my the size of a fucking
throw pillow. That would be so small. They were like this big. They were 10x. That's fine.
But let me talk to you about this shit. There's already a risk in this. He's just doing this.
He's just changing his mind. Oh, exactly right. My god, rather there'd be a God of war that
can't leave a one mile radius of fucking. I don't know. My old radius. Yeah. I mean, once you
once you even rode it around it, once you put the radius around it, like I feel like the worst
it's going to happen is some blocks of major cities might get a little fucked up.
Go there. Yeah. But that's the thing. How many statues do you think are in the world versus how
many bugs do you think are in the world? Because I think that there's like
millions of bugs. And I think that there's like a couple hundred thousand statues.
Anyone to be influenced by Amir just because he technically pays us all billions of bugs. Really.
Absolutely. Just like just learning this for the first time. This just a lot of the statue.
Bad and racist, but you could just avoid their. That's not their radius. Yeah. You can avoid a
bee. Our size. They're probably going to be in the same like radiuses will overlap.
Possibly with some of their enemies or big personalities that they won't get along with. And you
can just like watch them fight it out. They just melted down one of the statues.
Did my Robert Ely I think they melted it? Jeff is currently googling. I'm sure if a company sucks
and you tell the CEO honestly. What did it say? What does it say? It says feedback to the CEO.
Directly to the CEO or anyone in senior leadership. Are you talking about like a company you
work at or a company you don't like? I just think like Coca-Cola. Nestle does bad stuff. You're
going to tell the CEO. I just don't know how many pull there, but I feel like I could like pull
fucking nothing here. Really? No. Also ultimately the culture is pretty good. Yeah.
Ultimately. Yeah. And I think that statues coming to life bugs three times the size 10 times.
It doesn't matter. Yeah. Because camaraderie have different conversations with your friends.
Definitely. What should I ask about? My Instagram is at the mirror.
I self-plugged. That's the self-plugged. Yeah. Let's talk about it segments. Only on head
gum break. It did the what's the concert for it. Jake and I have an ever changing podcast every
10 or so minutes a completely new segment to keep things fresh and fierce.
Marieka to the heart for it. So we appreciate that. That's Ferris Monchi. Old head gum all star
for this show too. Did the the theme song for it? So check that out. That song is great. Yeah.
Jeff, that's kind of what you try to do, but now they're doing it. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of like the
segments of the head gum podcast are only a little more structure and Jake and I are on a friendly and
good. And like you guys plan it. Yes. Exactly. Right. Company reports I did plan.
Company reports I did plan. That was two words. Yeah. I said about the week. I said on your
boyfriend. Yeah, we did. But you didn't ask us what are about the week. I said he was swath. Yeah. We
said he knew how to give other people the floor. Our segment is a little more structure. Just like
there's a beginning, middle and end, everyone. Absolutely. There was guide. They were in
the show. I said welcome to the show. Here you go. Please chat. I'm also going to
Michelle Chen there. I said welcome. Yeah. Zero. I said welcome. I'm talking about the worst thing
we're talking about. Right. And that was sort of like the emotional crisis episode. Towards the end,
we started to get into like some more late hearted show. I have to go. First of all, once we
just sounds like I have YouTube to YouTube. Sorry. It's on a tab. I can't find you.
You should as a tab you can't find. Everyone's laughing at you. It's an ad playing in a tab you
can't find. I see that there's like an audio thing on the phone. But I can't fucking figure out
how to stop it. Yeah. I have to go. I literally have to leave. All right. Tell me. I'm meeting somebody
at 3 p.m. All right. On your plug. You can head out. Radio Free Onya. Big news show coming. January,
right, Marika. We decided to get on this feed because I'll be back to no. Sorry. On you zero will return.
Yeah. It's the on you zero hour on the other. On the other. Every hour on the other.
Um, Rochelle, what do you got? Um, my Instagram is at your underscore, underscore,
sard, and my yard. Have you ever seen the, the yard sale signs that are actually that say
your third. Oh, no. Okay. It's that. It's an old meme. Meaging a mirror yet again.
Let's see. And I'm looking at me. And my bond of the week is a Jeff Spun.
You can't say that. That's where I draw the line.
Yeah, there's a man bun. Nice. And imagine if that man bun was a man bun.
Man bun. Man bun. Man bun. Man bun. Man bun. You and shit. See how you're nothing.
Marika. Take a single home. Take a single home. Take a single home.
Follow me. I'm Marika. I'm on. I broke down. Sorry. High school Tyler.
You should go. I'm real dead. I mean, or sorry, Marika, what do you got? I already
fucking said it. So it doesn't matter. We're free. I got a picture. Every James on Instagram.
We'll see you guys again next week. Uh, that's what he's in 45 minutes. That was an hour and a half.
Jesus Christ.